Update markdown files to use "SWC" instead of "swc" (#2744)
swc-project/swc: README.md

   </a>
</p>

> SWC (stands for `speedy web compiler`) is a super-fast typescript / javascript compiler written in rust. It's a library for rust and javascript at the same time. If you are using SWC from rust, see [rustdoc](https://rustdoc.swc.rs/swc/) and for most users, your entrypoint for using library will be [parser](https://rustdoc.swc.rs/swc_ecma_parser/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SWC (stands for `Speedy Web Compiler`) is a super-fast TypeScript / JavaScript compiler written in Rust. It's a library for Rust and JavaScript at the same time. If you are using SWC from Rust, see [rustdoc](https://rustdoc.swc.rs/swc/) and for most users, your entry point for using the library will be [parser](https://rustdoc.swc.rs/swc_ecma_parser/).
```

> If you are using SWC from javascript, please refer to [docs on the website](https://swc.rs/docs/installation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using SWC from JavaScript, please refer to [docs on the website](https://swc.rs/docs/installation/).
```
